README.md, before:

![image](https://github.com/internetassociation/SITARA/blob/main/Assets/IA_Mark.png)

# SITARA
A repository with data, artifacts, and other useful information related to IA's [SITARA](https://internetassociation.org/sitara) map.

## Contents

* **[Assets](https://github.com/internetassociation/SITARA/tree/main/Assets)**
   * These are files, such as our logo, that we use to make this Readme and other files in this repository a bit more exciting and modern for you, the reader!
* **[Data](https://github.com/internetassociation/SITARA/tree/main/Data)**
   * [SITARA Data Sources](https://github.com/internetassociation/SITARA/blob/main/Data/IA_SITARA-Data-Sources_1.0.xlsx). This is an Excel sheet that includes links to all of the sources cited for each metric measured.
   * [SLTT IC3 Data - 2019](https://github.com/internetassociation/SITARA/blob/main/Data/IA_SLTT-IC3-Data_2019.xlsx). This is an Excel sheet that includes data to generate the "IC3 Confirmed Ransomware Attacks" metric. Using information released by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) as well as Census data, all the 2019 data points are normalized to generate a "per million" statistic that can be used to determine whether a state is above or below the national average.

Commit message:

Institute a Changelog to reflect updates

README.md, after:

![image](https://github.com/internetassociation/SITARA/blob/main/Assets/IA_Mark.png)

# SITARA
A repository with data, artifacts, and other useful information related to IA's [SITARA](https://internetassociation.org/sitara) map.

## Updates
Updates will be documented in our [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md). Adopting the format MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH, incremental changes to SITARA will be reflected as follows:

- Changes to MAJOR version:
   - Every December, all localities being measured will have their metrics updated.
- Changes to MINOR version:
   - Reflect new legislation or policies that impact measured metrics.
   - Reflect new Census or IC3 data.
- Changes to PATCH version:
   - Correct typos, scrivener's error, broken links, and similar issues.
   - Improve quality of data by updating the source cited.

## Contents

- **[Assets](https://github.com/internetassociation/SITARA/tree/main/Assets)**
   - These are files, such as our logo, that we use to make this Readme and other files in this repository a bit more exciting and modern for you, the reader!
- **[Data](https://github.com/internetassociation/SITARA/tree/main/Data)**
   - [SITARA Data Sources](https://github.com/internetassociation/SITARA/blob/main/Data/IA_SITARA-Data-Sources_1.0.xlsx). This is an Excel sheet that includes links to all of the sources cited for each metric measured.
   - [SLTT IC3 Data - 2019](https://github.com/internetassociation/SITARA/blob/main/Data/IA_SLTT-IC3-Data_2019.xlsx). This is an Excel sheet that includes data to generate the "IC3 Confirmed Ransomware Attacks" metric. Using information released by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) as well as Census data, all the 2019 data points are normalized to generate a "per million" statistic that can be used to determine whether a state is above or below the national average.
